Hahaha general
Well, don't be safe, General?
Who am I? It turned out to be my niece's spelling head?
The general doesn't seem surprised.
You keep me here
Don't just want to humiliate me
I'm still thinking about it.
Someone should be here
This is not
There you are.
Don't you feel bad having you replace you?
In Rakshasa
The imperial teacher is heaven
Don't say let me replace
Even if it kills me, I have to smile
Hey, I didn't mention the imperial teacher a word.
I will not argue with you needlessly
Come on, what are you going to do if you're stupid?
Oops this time
I really didn't receive orders from the so-called princess
I'm just representing myself, yourself.
Hahahaha
ridiculous
You have long been branded with the identity of the chick
It's impossible to run
Saying so much, what about the answers I want?
Put Rolning back out
I can move to the chick uh huh
Hey, General Fruit is a happy talk.
Come to my general's mansion tomorrow
Let me introduce you to someone
He can help you.
It's not easy to go to the general's mansion
After all, I'm still a person in the Duke's Mansion
If you can't go, it's your business.
If this can't be done
That just means you're not capable
Not worthy to cooperate with me
Hahahaha
No, it's too dangerous
I don't agree with that.